feat: Add result type documentation (#83)
amp-labs/docs: src/define-integrations/read-actions.mdx

          optionalFieldsAuto: all
```

## Webhook messages

Ampersand will read data on the schedule you specify in `amp.yaml`. If there are any new or updated records since our last read, Ampersand will send you webhook messages.

### Chunking and Result Types
#### Chunking
If the data Ampersand has read is too large for a single webhook, it is automatically split into multiple webhook messages. You do not need to add any special logic to handle this.

#### Result Types
Ampersand attaches results to a the webhook message in two ways:

1) **Inline**: In most cases, the result is directly included in the webhook's `result` field.

> 2) **URL**: If a single row of data is over ~300KB, it usually becomes too big to be sent over a webhook, and Ampersand is unable to split it any further. In this case, the result won't be included inline. Instead, the webhook message will contain a secure download URL in `resultInfo.downloadUrl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) **URL**: If a single record is over ~300KB, it usually becomes too big to be sent over a webhook, and Ampersand is unable to split it any further. In this case, the result won't be included inline. Instead, the webhook message will contain a secure download URL in `resultInfo.downloadUrl`.
```

`resultInfo.type` indicates how the result is attached to the message:

If type is `inline`, the full result is in the `result` field.
If type is `url`, you can fetch the full result by making a GET request to `resultInfo.downloadUrl`.

In both cases, `resultInfo.numRecords` tells you how many records are available in the result.

### Example Webhook Message (inline)
Here's a sample webhook message for a Salesforce Contact object:

```JavaScript JavaScript
{
  "projectId": "ampersand-project-id",
  "provider": "salesforce",
  "groupRef": "xyz-company",
  "groupName": "XYZ Company",
  "installationId": "installation-id",
  "objectName": "Contact",

>   "workspace": "salesforce-subdomain",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Only certain providers will have workspace available.
  "workspace": "salesforce-subdomain",
```
